"All right, welcome to SpaceX. Uh, here we are in the lobby. It's very white right now, but there are actually some cool uh elements coming in soon that will make it less white. In the front of the building, we have our engineering offices and space for about 300 people per floor. And we've got a total of about three floors that we can open. Right now, only the first floor is occupied. Um we try to aim for something which is a very open plan uh to maximize communication and make it sort of you know fairly nice looking. Uh this place used to be quite dismal. That's my office over there. Actually we really try to minimize the number of offices that we have because doors limit communication. Everyone at the company with the exception of a few people in like HR and finance actually um are in cubes uh including your vice presidents over there. There's Gwen at her cube. Um, I should have cleaned up if I were coming. Although this is really reality, I guess.  This is uh our meeting room, VIP meeting room for uh when we meet with our customers  It's kind of cool because it's got this glass that um that goes opaque and we put a motion sensor on it. So as you walk in the glass goes opaque. We named our copper frames after the great um rocket engineers and great scientists related to space. So we think they really deserve the credit for you know enabling us to become a space faring civilization. So we're fairly um science and engineering centric."

"Yeah, there you go. All right. The gateway to Mars. So, here we are at uh at the newly incorporated Starbase, Texas. This is uh the first new city made in America in I think quite a few decades  it is where we're going to develop the technology necessary to take uh humanity uh and civilization and life as we know it to another planet for the first time in the 4 and a half billion year history of Earth.  in the space of about five or six years, uh, thanks to the incredible work of the SpaceX team, uh, we've built a small city, uh, and we've built two gigantic launch pads and a gigantic rocket factory for a gigantic rocket.  we're now at the point where we can produce a ship roughly every 2 or 3 weeks  ultimately, we're aiming for the ability to produce a thousand ships a year. So, three ships a day.  what's cool the cool thing for those out there watching this video is that you can actually just literally come here, drive down the road and see it  Progress is measured by the timeline to establishing a self-sustaining civilization on Mars.  with each launch  each launch is about learning more and more about what's needed to make life multiplanetary  Ideally, we can take anyone who wants to go to Mars, we can take to Mars  having two planets that are both self-sustaining um and strong um I think is going to be incredibly important for the long-term survival of civilization.  in order to achieve this goal we have to make rapidly reusable rockets  rapidly reusable reliable rockets is the key.  congrats to the SpaceX team on making incredible progress on catching a giant rocket.  the reason we are uh catching it in this way  is in order to achieve the rapidly reusable portion  in principle the super heavy booster can be reflown within an hour of uh landing.  the next thing we need to do is catch the ship too.  This is the uh the new Raptor 3 which is an awesome engine.  Raptor 3 uh is designed to require no basic heat shield  it will be a massive increase uh in payload capability uh in engine efficiency uh and in reliability.  Then one of the other technologies that's key for Mars is doing orbital propellant transfer  it is technically feasible.  one of the toughest problems to solve is the uh reusable heat shield.  no one has ever developed a truly reusable orbital heat shield.  this will be the first time uh that a reusable orbital heat shield is developed.  we're developing some next generation starships  this version we still have six engines but a future version will have nine.  with Raptor 3  Starship version 3 is really the version that achieves all of the key elements  we're aiming to launch for the first time at the end of this year.  even with the rocket that will be launching just at the end of this year, it will be capable of making life multiplanetary  ultimately we'll have 42 engines  Starship will have 200 tons payload to orbit with full reusability.  the next Mars opportunity is at the end of next year  if we achieve orbital refilling in time, then we will launch the first uh uncrewed uh Starship to Mars at the end of next year.  Starlink internet is what's being used to pay for um humanity getting to Mars.  we're hoping to achieve um  dramatically increasing the number of ships that go to Mars um and ultimately try to get to a thousand or two thousand ships per Mars rendezvous.  my guess is that's about a million tons  to make a civilization on Mars self-sustaining  the lead candidate right now is the Arcadia region.  the first starships on Mars, gather critical data  we'll send with the Optimus robot  communications on Mars uh we'll be using a version of Starlink  the goal, like I said, will be to make Mars self-sustaining as quickly as possible.  this is like an incredible thing to have like this amazing city on Mars, the first city on another planet, and um a new world.  all right, let's get it done. Thank you everyone."


"it's kind of amazing that this window of opportunity is open for life to go beyond Earth and we just don't know how long that windows gonna be open but the thing that gets me most fired up is that creating the self-sustaining civilization on Mars would be the greatest adventure ever ever in human history it would be so exciting to wake up in the morning and think that that's what's happening"


"quick quick quick at age like at 59 in less than a year he went from pencilneck geek to uh looking like a like the rock.  I support this activity. I like to see him going in this direction  gigachad.  if I was aware of any evidence of aliens, um, you Joe, you have my word. I will come on your show and I will reveal it on the show.  I'm never committing suicide to be clear.  the thing about the three eye atlas is it's a hell of a name actually.  there are definitely uh comets that and asteroids that are made primarily of nickel  Thank you before we go any further for letting us have a tour of SpaceX and letting us be there for the rocket launch.  anyone can go watch the launch actually. So, you can just go to um, South Padre Island  Starbase, Texas.  we formally incorporated it as a city.  this is the booster. So that's the super heavy booster  by version four that will have about 10,000 tons of thrust.  it's you know by far the largest flying object ever made.  Because it's the only way you find out what the tolerances are.  we intentionally subject it to uh uh you know a flight regime that is much worse than what we expect in normal flight  it's like 17,000 mph  it's the size of a skyscraper.  it's a giant metal dick. You're [__] the universe with your giant metal dick.  the sheer numbers of them that you guys are making.  it will be an eye-opener to people about robotics "

**dEv99vxKjVI** (Elon portions only)  
"I wouldn't characterize it as a vision or dream, it's simply that  any car that does not have autonomy would be about as useful as a horse.  an autonomous car is arguably worth five to 10 times more than a car which is not autonomous.  the whole point of the display is to provide a health check on the vehicle's perception of reality.  we have 99% of all the data.  the car is currently being produced  is capable of full self-driving.  buying a car today is an investment in the future  if you buy a Tesla today, I believe you're buying an appreciating asset, not a depreciating asset.  the rate of improvement is exponential.  the system's improving so much, so fast, that this is gonna be a moot point very soon.  having a human intervene will decrease safety.  it's pretty crazy letting people drive a two-ton death machine manually.  Tesla is vastly ahead of everyone.  AI will be capable of convincing you to fall in love with it very well.  if you cannot prove that it does not [love you], if there's no test that you can apply  then there is no difference.  What's outside the simulation?"